Two things to fix next:

allow correcting scores after the buzzer, and

show a reminder of group‑stage results in the final standings view.

Here’s a prompt you can give Replit:

Allow post‑game score edits + show group‑stage summary in final results

Please make these two improvements without changing the basic format (8 teams, 2 courts, groups + finals).

1. Allow score corrections after final whistle
Right now, once a game is finished (after the timer / next‑round), scores cannot be changed. That needs to change so referees can fix mistakes.

Requirements:

Court view

Keep the current behaviour where scores can be changed during play.

After a game is marked status: 'finished', you may make the court scores read‑only if you want, but then:

Fixtures table editing

In the Fixtures table, make Score A and Score B cells editable for all games, including finished ones.

When a user edits a score cell:

Update that game’s scoreA / scoreB in the central games[] state.

Mark the game as status: 'finished' (or keep it finished).

Immediately recompute:

Group standings (for group‑stage games).

Final standings (for finals/placement games).

Update any court display that is currently showing that game (if applicable).

No hard lockout

Do not block score changes based on status. The app should treat the fixtures table as the “source of truth” where scores can be corrected at any time.

2. Final results should also remind us of group‑stage performance
In the Final Standings (1st–8th) table, add a summary of how each team did in the group stage so users can see both their final place and where they came from.

Requirements:

For each team in the final standings (positions 1–8), compute their group‑stage stats from games[] where stage === 'group':

Group (A or B)

Group position (1st–4th in that group)

Group points and goal difference (optional but useful)

Extend each row in the Final Standings table with extra columns, for example:

Pos

Team

Group Pos (e.g. “1st in Group A”)

Group Pts / GD (optional, or a short summary like “7 pts, +5 GD”)

Path (e.g. “Winner Final”, “Lost Semi 2, won 3rd place”, etc.)

Implementation idea:

When you build finalPlacings (the overall 1–8 list), also attach fields like:

js
group: 'A',
groupRank: 1,
groupPoints: 7,
groupGD: 5
Use these fields directly in the final table.

Do not remove the separate Group Standings section; keep it. The goal is that the Final Standings table lets you see, in one row per team:

where they finished overall, and

how they did in their group.

Please implement only these changes now:

Editable scores for finished games via the Fixtures table (with standings recomputation).

Final Standings table enriched with each team’s group‑stage result summary.