Clarify who plays who in semi‑finals and placement games

The current app has the correct structure (groups, semis, placement games, final) but it is not clear in the UI who is playing whom and why.

Please add clear labels and explanations without changing the underlying schedule logic.

1. Explain qualification in the UI
Under or above the fixtures table, add a small static “Finals rules” box:

For this fixed 8‑team format (2 groups of 4), display text like:

“SF1: 1st Group A vs 2nd Group B”

“SF2: 1st Group B vs 2nd Group A”

“5th/6th: 3rd Group A vs 3rd Group B”

“7th/8th: 4th Group A vs 4th Group B”

“3rd/4th: Loser SF1 vs Loser SF2”

“Final: Winner SF1 vs Winner SF2”

This is just explanatory text; it does not affect logic, but helps users understand the structure.

2. Label each finals game by its rule
In the fixtures table and on the court cards for all non‑group games (stage ≠ ‘group’):

Add a “Match label” like:

“Semi‑final 1 (1A vs 2B)”

“Semi‑final 2 (1B vs 2A)”

“5th/6th Playoff (3A vs 3B)”

“7th/8th Playoff (4A vs 4B)”

“3rd/4th Playoff (L SF1 vs L SF2)”

“Final (W SF1 vs W SF2)”

Implementation suggestion:

In each game object, include fields like:

js
stage: 'group' | 'semi' | 'placing' | 'final',
label: 'Semi-final 1 (1A vs 2B)'
Show game.label:

In a small line under the court name on each court card.

In an extra “Match” column in the fixtures table.

3. Show how teams reached those finals
When finals games are generated from standings:

For each finals game, in addition to teamAId and teamBId, also store source info, e.g.:

js
sourceA: '1st Group A',
sourceB: '2nd Group B'
Use these strings in the label above and/or in a tooltip:

Hover text: “Team X = 1st Group A”

or inline text: “Team X (1st Group A)”

This makes it obvious why each team is in that match.

4. Separate sections in Fixtures
In the fixtures table:

Group rows visually:

A header row “Group Stage” above group games.

A header row “Finals & Placement Games” above semis/placements/final.

This can be done with simple extra rows or headings so users can see where group stage ends and finals begin.

5. Do not change the scheduling logic
Keep the existing mechanics for:

Computing group standings.

Mapping standings to finals fixtures.

Assigning games to rounds and courts.

Only add labels, explanatory text, and “source” strings so humans can see clearly who is playing who and why.